Update README.md (#851)
gardener/etcd-druid: README.md

`etcd-druid` is an [etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) [operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) which makes it easy to configure, provision, reconcile and monitor etcd clusters. It enables management of an etcd cluster through [declarative Kubernetes API model](config/crd/bases/crd-druid.gardener.cloud_etcds.yaml). 

In every etcd cluster managed by `etcd-druid`, each etcd member is a two container `Pod` which consists of:

> - [etcd-wrapper](https://github.com/gardener/etcd-wrapper) which manages the lifecycle (validation & initialization) of an embedded etcd.

Author: Sure

- [etcd-backup-restore](https://github.com/gardener/etcd-backup-restore) sidecar which currently provides the following capabilities (the list is not comprehensive):
  - [etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) DB validation.
  - Scheduled [etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) DB defragmentation.
  - Backup - [etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) DB snapshots are taken regularly and backed in an object store if one is configured.

>   - Restoration - In case of a DB corruption for a single-member cluster it helps in restoring from latest set of snapshots (full & delta).

Reviewer: Should we mention about recovery from permanent quorum loss as in demo video we are showing etcd cluster with 3 member, so I'm just wondering 🤔

Author: Today we do not have any automatic recovery from permanent quorum loss. When we introduce tasks then we can add that.

>   - Member control operations e.g. adding the peer `etcd` process as a learner.

Author: Sure we can make this change. This was directly taken from https://github.com/gardener/etcd-wrapper/README.md

`etcd-druid` additional provides the following capabilities:

- Facilitates declarative scale-out of [etcd](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd) clusters.
- Provides protection against accidental deletion/mutation of resources provisioned as part of an etcd cluster.

> - Monitors the integrity of backups.

Author: This is done indirectly via compaction jobs which are created by druid.

> - Monitors the integrity of backups.

Reviewer: ok, if this is what you are referring to then I would still suggest to mention this like this as druid is not monitoring the integrity of each backups.

> Integrity of backups can be detected indirectly via [snapshot compaction](https://github.com/gardener/etcd-druid/blob/master/docs/proposals/02-snapshot-compaction.md) if enabled.

> - Monitors the integrity of backups.

Author: I have reworded it. Have a look.

> - Minimizes recovery times by regularly [compacting and defragmenting](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/) backups.

Author: In a compaction job, it replays full + all delta snapshots brings up an embedded etcd, compacts it, degragments it and then takes a full snapshot. This full snapshot in most of the cases is much smaller and is used in recovery.

> - Minimizes recovery times by regularly [compacting and defragmenting](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/) backups.

Reviewer: ok, you are referring to the our snapshot compaction: https://github.com/gardener/etcd-druid/blob/master/docs/proposals/02-snapshot-compaction.md ,  not the etcd's compaction and defragmentation which we used for maintenance of cluster. Then Please mention it as snapshot compaction with correct link.

> - Minimizes recovery times by regularly [compacting and defragmenting](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/) backups.

Author: In the end you will have to construct etcd DB and then run compaction and defragmentation on it. So in effect while your source is delta + full snapshots your tools to reduce is size is the same utility functions of compaction and defrag that is offered by etcd and that needs to be applied on an etcd DB.

> - Minimizes recovery times by regularly [compacting and defragmenting](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/) backups.

Author: i have reworded it. Have a look.

>   - Potentially minimize recovery times by leveraging [compaction and defragmentation](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Potentially minimize the recovery time by leveraging restoration from backups followed by [etcd's compaction and defragmentation](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.4/op-guide/maintenance/). 
```
